The same for coming here every day for all across all four
People
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi, how are you
Magalie Marcellus: Good, good.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I'm doing good. I'm good. I got a new I got my stimulus check
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I didn't think I was gonna get because I filed taxes last year.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: This year I let my mom named me cuz only made like 3000 this year.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So I have out
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: No, I didn't think I was gonna get it, you know.
Magalie Marcellus: And if they went with last year's taxes, I
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Want that too and I filed with Turbo Tax last year and I have a
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Debit Card. They sent me. So on the 715 fire call that said you have a deposit from the IRS.
Magalie Marcellus: For
Oh, wow.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: $99. I was like, oh, this card over here.
Magalie Marcellus: That's good. Thank you. I'm sure that's gonna help
Magalie Marcellus: Bitch.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I went out to buy it. I went to a pawn shop and bought a new
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Tablet. It's a LG
G Pad 7.0 LTE: LG cool pan.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: That way I do my meetings because
G Pad 7.0 LTE: My cell phone. Okay.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Around the bat.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know, don't have no front or camera and it kept cutting off.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, gotcha. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: That's why I can add a lot better so far.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, I love this thing. I can actually play video games so
Magalie Marcellus: What what stuff on it.
Magalie Marcellus: And like video game. I'm never do again like
Magalie Marcellus: Whatever on streaming stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: Reason, things like that. Yeah. Every time I
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Ever saw say tuck shoebox down
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And everything is shoebox that
Magalie Marcellus: Was that a Bethel Apple was it
G Pad 7.0 LTE: It was
G Pad 7.0 LTE: It was an app, we can watch all the new movies that just came out.
Magalie Marcellus: Ah, OK.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: It was up for about a year or so and then they took me down a couple months ago.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Now I can't watch movies there and
Magalie Marcellus: Share they catch up with these thing anytime you want pops up.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, I'm sure.
Magalie Marcellus: They losing money when people are doing that.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: But right now, no one's going to three speakers anyway.
Magalie Marcellus: So why so then I'm winging it and you and your arm, your materials anyways.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So once you've been doing it yourself.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Oh wait.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Besides,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Going to the grocery store. I went grocery shopping yesterday.
Magalie Marcellus: That for you.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: That was a trip, cuz every employee and most people had on face mask and now there have one
Me.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Cuz I don't have one like
Magalie Marcellus: Covering
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Are really hard to find right now. Yeah, I guess I could make like a handkerchief for
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Those people are selling homemade ones are mine. Why
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know I seamlessly this store New York got busted. They had thousands of the end 95 mats.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Stone or for $20 apiece.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: When there's only supposed to be $1 25
G Pad 7.0 LTE: They got taken advantage.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: People and take a bad show, you know,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: People's desperation.
And
Magalie Marcellus: So, you know, you know, with things that he would everything going on. So how was the actual trip for you, having to go. Did you go with chair step that always if
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You buy. Yeah. Yeah, pretty much everywhere I go, I go west up there.
Okay.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, he's pretty you know when it's not being a prick. You know, he's pretty good to you know keep me grounded.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I get mad at him a lot for trying to tell me how to do
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know what I should do.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: This
G Pad 7.0 LTE: But I know he's saying to try to like look out for me.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I get aggravated will sometimes not in the last week or so. I don't think I've been to
Magalie Marcellus: So I was different this week that made
Magalie Marcellus: things a lot better.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I actually had some money first time.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, that could do it.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Six months, you know,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I was working
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I was only get 20 hours a week.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: $100 hundred $50 a week you
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Know, so
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, it's just been a good week so far.
Magalie Marcellus: So, so what, how you planning. So for them, meaningful, so what what what are some of the stuff you need to get
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I wanted to buy a vehicle. But I went and looked at one and I could smell something burn and it just, it didn't drive right like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: There was something wrong with it.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So I turned the guy down
Magalie Marcellus: Was their setup for 706
G Pad 7.0 LTE: But, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: But they won't happen the expenses for like insurance and everything else.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, sure. You know, all that stuff.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, you can go to DMV right now they're all
Magalie Marcellus: Why some places they take appointments, but a lot of them yet. And I've seen you and your
Magalie Marcellus: Clients and your customers.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And new customers all close
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And then my step brother Joe He showed up two days ago, the one
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He's my half brothers half brother. He's my age, he showed up over here the other day and
G Pad 7.0 LTE: MAN. HE IS A LUNATIC LIKE I took him. I had him take me out to go look at that truck.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And the whole time I'm holding onto the dashboard. Tell him to slow down.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I know he's driving, he was driving. Yeah.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Drives like a lunatic.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know as on the phone and text messaging at same time
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And he's doing faith.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yes, you know, like I couldn't wait to get out of his truck.
And you get what
Magalie Marcellus: What made you go with him. I tell you what about your dad.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Well, his truck can only make it a couple miles, because it's all
Magalie Marcellus: Messed up now.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So I couldn't wait for him to bring me home on. It's like, just take me home. Cuz I told him like 10 times please slow down, slow down.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know I want against no accident. You know, and this little, little tiny so 10 truck you know you're doing double the speed for him it
Magalie Marcellus: Was he on any substance.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He's is just crazy. And he probably was on math or something, cuz
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know, he couldn't stay still, you know, it was like all over the place, like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Here's a con artist and he
Magalie Marcellus: Said, did you call him to come. So
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He called
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He called me and
Magalie Marcellus: Said this is somebody
Magalie Marcellus: He knows that selling the truck.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Know someone that I've seen on mine.
Magalie Marcellus: So how did he know about you get in a truck.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Cuz he was over here. It was two days that he was, he stopped by, like, Hey, take me out to Columbus station. So I'm gonna go get this Trump
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Mm hmm. Well, we get out the side. I don't want to truck and then him taking all the back to Lorraine, so that
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I should have brought my exam. Next week because I felt like jumping out truck.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So, you know, he is frickin I will see how
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I'll see how he's made it this long I've been on I have seen them and 1012 years
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, and he is exactly the same he as he was back then so late.
Magalie Marcellus: And you say you guys about the same age.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah well either. We're about maybe a year apart.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know he he hasn't come back by since he dropped me off.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I have seen them. So something to
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Like that, that two days. I spent
G Pad 7.0 LTE: hanging around with him, made me realize why I stopped a row
Magalie Marcellus: So what what what am till your area was just coming to visit or do something
Magalie Marcellus: With you without specific
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He was out in the rain. For some reason, and he called me on messenger saying without it. He was on empty and so I felt bad for him.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know, I was like, well, come over here.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You're only like six blocks away from my house.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Come over and I put five books in your gas tank.
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha. Okay, so he was looking for something when he first
Magalie Marcellus: made contact with you because I guess.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: That's what he's always he's always
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Trying to go around so
Magalie Marcellus: Like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Who would be a good like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: telemarketer or lawyer or something where you know this scheme and scam and conquer people
Magalie Marcellus: That's not a good thing to do. People you know valid in people's trust.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, you know, that's what she has no friends he grew up up here and
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He had hundreds of friends. But if you screw them all over so many times, and no one wants some around because they know he'll steal phone or screw over somehow you know
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And just those two days. I spent what made me realize that I don't want it.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Around
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Was he wasn't anything when he was with you.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, he was smoker crack pipe.
Magalie Marcellus: We only. So how did you handle that. Well, you know,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I rolled down the window, you know, crash it stinks. You know, I don't want to smell it crap you know
Magalie Marcellus: Tell them to stop.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: But I didn't tell him to stop cuz we're inside his truck. I didn't want him to kick me out of his truck.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: That makes him.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Walk whole
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Roll down my window.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So I wouldn't have to smell it cuz you know that but it smells horrible.
Magalie Marcellus: It's just a few was for call you in the next few days and say, Okay, let's go hang out. What would you do or say
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I would tell him that I was busy. I had stuff I got stuff going on. I'm not home you know I told my step dad. If you close knocking on the door, tell him I'm not here.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Okay cuz i'm not i'm not dealing with that again.
Magalie Marcellus: I found like is very risky on safe person is
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yes.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I am favor or
Magalie Marcellus: Chief is using that should NBC somebody you spend time with even though I know you're working on your recovery. But, you know, the last contact you have with people that are using the better.
Magalie Marcellus: So have you stay
Magalie Marcellus: You know, to think clean
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Fiery car you drive
Magalie Marcellus: That tool. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I'm glad you made, you know, you got home safe and you guys been getting anything, any type of incident that cool.
Magalie Marcellus: Because issue, even though it's been stopped by the police if he was, you know, having a bomb.
Magalie Marcellus: Or anything like that that could have been an issue for you today. So
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He had a paper tag on there.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And it goes off, supposedly
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Driving around doing well for speaker notes.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I was like, you're just asking for
Magalie Marcellus: Did your mom knows about your
Magalie Marcellus: Plan that you had to purchase.
Magalie Marcellus: The truck.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: No, you guys talk
G Pad 7.0 LTE: To her about it.
Magalie Marcellus: Why would she say
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Ensures to be happy that I had a vehicle because right
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Now,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: We don't have, we have here. We got
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Truck but
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He can go a couple miles and
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Get
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Something where, you know, we can
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Make if I had to. I could go down there and get her.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, something Malabo
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, you
G Pad 7.0 LTE: can drive down here and get her.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Back.
Magalie Marcellus: How's your mom doing
G Pad 7.0 LTE: She's doing well I guess she her hours cut down to 10 hours a week, cuz I guess she's
G Pad 7.0 LTE: She's over 60
Magalie Marcellus: And they'll want her okay you know
Magalie Marcellus: And not to be
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Exposed yeah
Magalie Marcellus: I guess all the plans are still on hold by her coming down to Ohio to move back in with you guys.
Yeah.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: This coronavirus
Magalie Marcellus: So I think getting better for your end like a chance to open up stuff. What's the status.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Know everything so close.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: To
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Nothing here.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: The schools are closed for the rest of the year.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. I think a lot of states that can be closed so the
Magalie Marcellus: Close to the school year already
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And I seen something from the CDC, though, so don't feel that
G Pad 7.0 LTE: It could take up to 18 months before this country.
reopens
Magalie Marcellus: There would be open, but to to be fully like the way things were before the
Magalie Marcellus: Pandemic it may take, you know, a bit of time.
Magalie Marcellus: Because people will actually still practice those social distancing and all that for last longer.
Magalie Marcellus: What, what are you doing right now. You look like you
G Pad 7.0 LTE: scratch scratch off to get
Magalie Marcellus: A chance to win some lottery.
Somebody
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Where's my camera. Yeah.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Spikeball I took it.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I bought
G Pad 7.0 LTE: A $5 ticket. Two days ago and I want to warn me after
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I had one step that scratch it means like, oh,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And then I was later. Let me check it.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And I checked. Just be
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Famous Five times. I was like, no, my fire time screen when whenever this prize.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Again, it was another five times.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So it was a $20 winner, which he was thrown away, cuz he doesn't do
Magalie Marcellus: Spreadsheet and check it.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Was a good thing that you check
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Double check. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, nice to get your money back. And then from
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, and so
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I ordered a deep dish pepperoni pizza. Pizza Hut. Okay. It was $22 or one pizza.
Oh,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, did you order that's
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Deep dish with pepperoni and my
Magalie Marcellus: Lodge one
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, large
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I couldn't believe $22. I was like, Wow, did they charge you for delivery or something. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Tony and I gave him three or $4 tip you know
Magalie Marcellus: Chart, you know,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: They charged me for delivery.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, watching yet so don't really
Get
Magalie Marcellus: The delivery goes through the
Magalie Marcellus: The business.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Right.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, they should, you know, if they are charging their delivery charge, they should give that to the driver, or at least half of it.
Magalie Marcellus: Something. Absolutely.
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: And other business, they don't get their cut first
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Your gas was down to $1 or nine over there.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh geez.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, they say, and it's still going down, it's not
Magalie Marcellus: Because nobody's driving a lot before so
Magalie Marcellus: People are consuming guess
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Look like right now it's time to get a bunch of big 500 gallon drums and
Magalie Marcellus: Fill out and put him away.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Put him in your garage for a song. If you gotta
Magalie Marcellus: Be safe though.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: If you got separated graduate from your house like I was like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: What
Magalie Marcellus: You guys have a lot of land in
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, we got like a double lot
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Probably
G Pad 7.0 LTE: More
Magalie Marcellus: Get so
Magalie Marcellus: Much right now.
Magalie Marcellus: It sounds like you know things are
Magalie Marcellus: On track for you guys so
Magalie Marcellus: The next thing I know the last time we spoke. You were supposed to have some type of contact with
Magalie Marcellus: The psychiatric they did an ethic. What a fun. So tell me about that. Did they call, did you have any more contact with them.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Um, I did they called
Magalie Marcellus: And
G Pad 7.0 LTE: They told me that on the
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Call me they they made an appointment coming up on
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Its next month.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: But it's gonna be over the phone, you know,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And all you all
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, somewhere.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, I think it's I think it's not the night
Magalie Marcellus: May night.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, I mean,
My phone
G Pad 7.0 LTE: But it's only it's only a counselor, just like you.
Magalie Marcellus: All okay
Magalie Marcellus: So because you're sending the psychiatrist another for them to give you whatever additional medication if you need
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe they'll start with that. And they'll linking with the psychiatrists
Magalie Marcellus: Wants to meet with that person.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, hopefully.
Magalie Marcellus: was the name of that clinic you want so
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Which one
Magalie Marcellus: Where the purpose was gonna hire you.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: For the clinic, the Nord center.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And O RG
Magalie Marcellus: You're in what area again.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Its own Lorain
Magalie Marcellus: Ohio. Okay, gotcha.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: That's a pretty big places. It's kind of intimidating just walking in there.
Magalie Marcellus: Really, they have different services in there.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yes, like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Story building
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Saw like psychiatric
Magalie Marcellus: Hospital.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, kinda like a hospital just
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Were like people, I guess.
Magalie Marcellus: People need psychiatric care.
Magalie Marcellus: needs something he needs to go forward to stable as a medication and, you know, other things going on.
Magalie Marcellus: Badly satisfied with that.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Let's start now summertime was just about here.
Magalie Marcellus: Please, Sonia.
Magalie Marcellus: What I don't know if your mom tell you will pop up areas not
Magalie Marcellus: As bad but it's like in the 90s in South Florida effect.
Magalie Marcellus: Was keep swinging went straight to summertime.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: That's what I love about
G Pad 7.0 LTE: About floor.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Sunshine if the sun is shining, it will be raining one minute and the sun shines.
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: One black is winning the other black is narrowing
G Pad 7.0 LTE: The sun.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, I missed or
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know, we
G Pad 7.0 LTE: We got a notice from
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Some guy came to inspect the house the other day saying that our house has been sold, and he was doing the pre inspection of the outside
Magalie Marcellus: Which house.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: This House.
Magalie Marcellus: The one. Oh, wow.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Did you guys know that they were selling the house.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: No landlord know about
G Pad 7.0 LTE: But
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Wow okay nice lose about 10 houses down the street. He sold her house. Couple months ago. She's still there, but he sold out on a soul another house he has on this.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow. I know some people they sell it, but then assuming that the tenant stay there.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, I think that's gonna be one of those kind of thing.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I hope so.
I hope, I hope.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: It's something like that because, you know, right now we don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: So they're not actually using the you
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Know they haven't asked yet. And with this coven 19 thing going on.
Magalie Marcellus: Nobody's going anywhere. Yeah.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You're supposed to be shelter in your home.
Magalie Marcellus: Why right
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And then I saw something else online that instead of you paid your rent this month.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah landlord owes you a refund.
Magalie Marcellus: I don't know how true that is because right now they say, yeah, if you can afford to pay your rent you know they're not gonna kick her out. But at some point, you still need to pay back whatever you so
Magalie Marcellus: I wouldn't add you know
Magalie Marcellus: follow whatever
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Let's see. So, Kim Jong Il was brain dead.
Magalie Marcellus: Nothing is confirmed with that. I don't know again on the internet has a story that's not
Magalie Marcellus: Always accurate. So, can
Magalie Marcellus: Take those things for
Magalie Marcellus: For fact
Magalie Marcellus: Because nobody knows where to get in.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: There.
Magalie Marcellus: So she
Magalie Marcellus: Has this this the best, yo, yo.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: She's good. She
G Pad 7.0 LTE: She still work you she's a nurse, nurse.
Magalie Marcellus: Is still gone dental visit. Oh, is it by
Saying
G Pad 7.0 LTE: This is the first year that I haven't gone over there for Easter dinner. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, oh yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, a lot of people in we need almost Easter dinner.
Magalie Marcellus: staying home.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Every holiday. My sister historian and
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Just
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Being spread in
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Her house.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, the first year that we didn't do the
Magalie Marcellus: Hospital.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, just between her and her kids.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And her kids this boyfriends does more than 10 people or her house.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: My Stuff that he had COPD, so
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Every morning hack him.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He wakes up in the middle night hacking choking.
Magalie Marcellus: So wow careful clown.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He's high high risk.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Set coronavirus
Magalie Marcellus: Time.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: He probably, probably kill him for sure there's
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Problems with his lungs.
Magalie Marcellus: So definitely you know they don't want people coming in the house. So that could expose them.
Magalie Marcellus: Can understand
Magalie Marcellus: So has the sleeping going
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I've been asleep. I'm pretty good. You know, my, my anxiety at night.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So I'm not right, Mom, not having any racing thoughts and like I was, you know, so I'm going to sleep out men night sometimes one o'clock and I'm getting up about seven or eight
Oh,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: It's it's a big difference from what it was.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: That was a song came out on a fall asleep for an hour or so.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: But
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Last couple months has been doing a lot better.
Magalie Marcellus: So now any plans with within the last month that you
Magalie Marcellus: Besides your appointment upon appointment. Any plans that we have coming up.
Magalie Marcellus: Next month
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And I want to find the vehicle.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Or at very least get one of those spice calls with the engines.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Don't need a license plate or nothing that way in the summer, I can get a job somewhere.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you have a license.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Suspended or expired.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I'm not sure. Check. No, I haven't checked, but I know it was expired by five years.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow. So it's, I'm getting the new licensing.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah yeah so
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And then I would have to deal with the insurance.
Magalie Marcellus: To look
Magalie Marcellus: I'll take all that into consideration to see how much it's gonna cost if you actually get a car.
Magalie Marcellus: Like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: The bike was motorbikes.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: spore nothing
Magalie Marcellus: Until you get, you know, decent job where you can video toward
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, welcome for
Magalie Marcellus: Tom maintenance and insurance and everything. Yeah.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But in the meantime, I guess it's somebody helping your step that fixing the car.
Magalie Marcellus: Can you get it fixed.
Me.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Me and him are gonna fix it. We're just waiting for the weather to be nice.
Magalie Marcellus: What is it like now.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Right now, it's about 40 or 50 says
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Still, yes.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Oh wow, that's called those snowflakes earlier today.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: snowed for about 10 minutes early.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Woman in the
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Winter times trying to hang on.
I see.
Magalie Marcellus: You guys have quite a few bad weather.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And I'm right on Lake Erie so
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know, anytime it gets
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Cold, it gets colder. All right.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Right on the lake.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Snow.
Magalie Marcellus: So hot things and we say things are better. So, what, what are you gonna do to help maintain that relationship with just said that right now so you guys can
Magalie Marcellus: Continue to improve. What do you think you need to do.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Main thing is we want to get my mom back
G Pad 7.0 LTE: That's the main name or main goal is to get her back up here.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: That way, because my sister down there. She's an alcoholic.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Many kids.
No.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Show hadn't broken session.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Is 30 now. Now she's 30 or 32 and, you know, my mom's down there all by herself.
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: It's just there's barely ever there and
G Pad 7.0 LTE: We want to get her back up here because all of our families up here.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: All the family besides my sister.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know she when she gets back up here won't have to work.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Because she gets her disability and
my step dad.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, my step dad gets his disability.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I'll get a job. So, you know, we'll do live content.
Magalie Marcellus: So maybe by the summer.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yes that's now.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Summer
Magalie Marcellus: Um, what do you have near you, in terms of jobs, but I know at some point, to start, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Getting back to some type of you know normalcy. So one
Magalie Marcellus: Area that would be a possible
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Point, there's a couple restaurants you know this Walmart.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: The op Walmart. Yes, a Walmart.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: But I never had a
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Walmart know it's an older one, but I've never had no luck on the plateau or
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Five or six times and I've never been tired there, but they're open a Myers. They just throw
Magalie Marcellus: Spears.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Than Walmart and
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And so
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I'm hoping I can do that. MYERS This is only about house down the road.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, okay.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So I plan on getting into there and you know work to Delhi or stock or something like that, you know, I don't want to be a cashier. No.
Magalie Marcellus: Shadow cashew with the
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Stock
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I've done that before. And the hell.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Nature's finest foods. I don't know if they got one of those rounds you
Magalie Marcellus: Nature's Whole Foods.
Magalie Marcellus: No, yeah, I think we have all codes and like fresh market.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: For you.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm near Fort Lauderdale.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Florida louder.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: South East
Magalie Marcellus: South South Florida. So
G Pad 7.0 LTE: This is east, south.
Magalie Marcellus: East facade.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I know where you're
Magalie Marcellus: Coming from our past Palm Beach.
Magalie Marcellus: Towards mommy.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, going towards my everything
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I want to own
G Pad 7.0 LTE: When Hurricane Charley years ago.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, it was a category five and it was coming right for Tampa Bay St Pete
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, I was in Florida that time when Tommy
And
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I say they said evacuating Tampa St Pete, so I drove all the way across the streets, all the way across the state to Melbourne.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: And hurricane Miss Tampa.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: St Pete completely came across
G Pad 7.0 LTE: As went right in the Melbourne or I was
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Like, oh my god, I should just stay at home.
Magalie Marcellus: With this, can you never know until they hit
Their
Magalie Marcellus: Tracks. Yeah.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Get him back across the state was
G Pad 7.0 LTE: A pain in the ass. The next day,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: The trees. Yeah, luckily I filled my gas tank up the night before it hit
G Pad 7.0 LTE: The gas still snow get you couldn't get gas for
G Pad 7.0 LTE: The next day anywhere throughout the middle of Florida, because all the powers.
So,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I just barely had enough gas in my car to make it from one side, back to the other side. So thank
Magalie Marcellus: You get the guess that's why it's important, and Windows thing happening. You need to be, again, just in case. But that's the first thing that gets it takes us on time to get them back on track. In case you know
G Pad 7.0 LTE: They can't
Magalie Marcellus: Go on.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Trusted Tricity. That's right.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, and this was a recent one that they had made all the gas station as on generators because at one point they had no gas because they had no backup generators
Magalie Marcellus: Became a lot for them to make sure that there
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Is smart because back then they didn't have that
G Pad 7.0 LTE: It was a big, big
Deal.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: People stranded.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know cuz all the way across, Florida. It was bumper bumper on the highway just crawler
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know, and I got one tank of gas and
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Nowhere to get a house anymore.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: So what I did. I got in the breakdown
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Lane and I just drove the breakdown lane 3040 miles an hour, all about cross
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, I would. I would see the cops were someone far ahead you
Got
G Pad 7.0 LTE: It got it. Okay, cool. Sometimes the police on
Magalie Marcellus: Their own like on marquise I seen that happen before using the shoulder, then next thing you know, police come right behind them because they're in some kind of more car or maybe on they might have been like off duty in there where they can still stop it.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Oh, yeah.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I was, I don't want to be stranded in
G Pad 7.0 LTE: No gas. No, no, it's all
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Destroyed, you know, I was like,
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I was only about 19 words morning so I got one.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, definitely. It's
Magalie Marcellus: It's
Magalie Marcellus: Florida hurricane.
Magalie Marcellus: Phase of their own thing. But, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, can is
Magalie Marcellus: Came back to
G Pad 7.0 LTE: The hurricanes are serious
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Especially after the training.
Magalie Marcellus: Can
Magalie Marcellus: Do with
Magalie Marcellus: How does the water can overtake so quickly.
Magalie Marcellus: WELL, I'M SO WELL I'M JUST FINISHED. We just want to make sure so far.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm going to schedule.
Magalie Marcellus: It as a second
Magalie Marcellus: I'll give it another
Magalie Marcellus: I'll schedule your appointment.
Magalie Marcellus: But if a man comes
Magalie Marcellus: By then, you should. Yeah, you should have your appointments with the program, unless something comes up, you can always reach out to me, but I'll do it for me.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: May.
Magalie Marcellus: 25 so Wednesday at six o'clock.
Six.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I'm a program that money tablets. So
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I have a reminder
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Well, I'm glad to get something that you know that's not keep you occupied
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Yeah, and that's no can be occupied because I can
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Play a game service just like
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You know, PlayStation the game so so real. It's just a PlayStation or solver.
Magalie Marcellus: That's pretty well.
Magalie Marcellus: Good luck with the search with. Hopefully, you know, we get whatever transportation that would be
Magalie Marcellus: Able to accommodate you. Whatever your needs and and keep working on your recovery and working on getting things with just their father and your mom to come back down here so you guys can
Magalie Marcellus: You know, can have some kind of at least you'll be closer, like you said, to be able to keep an eye on are no way
Yeah.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Because if the shit hits the fan. She's 1000 miles away.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: There's not a lot.
I can imagine.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: You guys have plans. So it's that
Magalie Marcellus: Again, I am
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I want to get her back up here.
Where
G Pad 7.0 LTE: The country goes to hell or so, at least where I
Magalie Marcellus: Can be close enough.
Magalie Marcellus: I
Magalie Marcellus: Can if anything comes up just reach out to me. Otherwise, I'll see you in about a month.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Okay, good.
Magalie Marcellus: You to all the best to
Magalie Marcellus: Be safe.
G Pad 7.0 LTE: I will
G Pad 7.0 LTE: Baba